it's my mama oh mama it's so good to see
you how it was rumored that made me come
out this far
I just followed him but he'll heat away
from the Buffalo just like you told us
to and you were right
they are very scary come on rainbow
let's go home
there are no big scary animals to stop
us playing at home and my mama will be
close by
goomy's mama takes them safely back home
past the wildebeest
I'm the zebra and home to safety the
Masai Mara is a big big place for little
big cats
Kumi and rainbow love exploring and
getting up to mischief that's all a part
of growing up but they have to be very
careful not to wander too far from home
hey that's better I know where we are
now
come on rainbow let's play tick man they
go again chasing catching wrestling and
rolling around together Oh
Kumi I remember really are the best of
friends and what an amazing adventure
playground to grow up in Kumi seems to
have got over his scary meeting with the
Buffalo he's too busy having fun I can't
wait until tomorrow another day of fun
with my very best friend now
Kumi I remember our safely back home
it's time for us to say goodbye